in this video,
we're going to speak about the connections between slices and pivot tables and how to
control multiple pivot tables with a slicer Says you can see here,
I've got a pivot table here and have got 1/4 slicer and Aiken slice the data on the pivot
table using this quarter slicer.
So when I click on a certain quarter,
only the data for that quarter shows on the pivot table.
Now,
if I insert another pivot table so I'll go to my data top here and then goto insert a pivot
table and then I'm gonna actually insert it so that it would be just here on the right hand
site and then click OK,
here.
And let's say I'm gonna put the product name and the sales amount here on the second pivot
table.
If I choose a different value here on the quarter slicer,
you can see here that the pivot table on the right is not being sliced now to connect the
pivot table on the right to the quarter slicer.
What I need to do is to go to the slicer connections.
So if a click on the slicer here and then go to slicer and then click on report connections
.
You guys here,
we've got Pivot table one,
which is the one on the left.
And we've got another pivot table,
which is pivot table to which is actually the one on the right here so you could see her
under pivot table analyzed because here the name of the pivot tables pivot table two.
So if I go to the slicer connections and another way it can go to them is to right,
click and then in the middle here,
click on report connections.
If I check the check box for pivot table to here and click OK,
I can connect the slicer here to the other pivot table is well,
so now the slicer in the middle.
It actually controls both pivot tables,
as you can see here.
And I can insert another slicer here so I can insert a another slicer for the region.
For examples,
insert and that go to slicer and then insert a slicer for the region.
And now this region slicer only controls the pivot table on the right,
which is pivot table two.
But I can make it control the other one as well,
right.
Click report connections and then check Pivot table one on.
Now,
both slicers control both pivot tables.
So,
as you can see here,
this is how you can create connections between your slicers and your pivot tables and
control multiple pivot tables by one or more slicers.
You need to note,
though,
that the data source for all the pivot tables should be the same in order to be able to
control different pivot tables with one slice.
So you need to make sure that all the pivot tables have the same data source.
You cannot have a slicer control to pivot tables that have two different data sources
unless you actually go to part of it and the data model.
But that's a totally different story.
Okay,
so thank you guys for watching this video,
and I'll see you on the next one